# packages in environment at /usr/local/Caskroom/miniforge/base/envs/boke:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
bzip2                     1.0.8                h3422bc3_4    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.6.15            h4653dfc_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.11.4          py310hbe9552e_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h3422bc3_5    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               ha287fd2_1    conda-forge
markdown                  3.3.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h07bb92c_1    conda-forge
openssl                   3.0.3                ha287fd2_0    conda-forge
pip                       22.1.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.10.5          h4eee789_0_cpython    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    2_cp310    conda-forge
readline                  8.1.2                h46ed386_0    conda-forge
setuptools                62.3.4          py310hbe9552e_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.38.5               h40dfcc0_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               he1e0b03_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022a                h191b570_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h642e427_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.12               ha287fd2_1    conda-forge
